README-build.md, before:

# `gha-docker/build`

## Usage

Add the following step to your workflow configuration:

```yml
jobs:
  docker-build:
    name: Docker Build
    uses: entur/gha-docker/.github/workflows/build.yml@main
```

## Inputs

<!-- AUTO-DOC-INPUT:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->

|                                           INPUT                                           |  TYPE  | REQUIRED |    DEFAULT     |                 DESCRIPTION                  |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------|----------|----------------|----------------------------------------------|
| <a name="input_build_artifact_name"></a>[build_artifact_name](#input_build_artifact_name) | string |  false   |                | Name of GitHub artifact to <br>add to build  |
| <a name="input_build_artifact_path"></a>[build_artifact_path](#input_build_artifact_path) | string |  false   | `"build/libs"` |          Path to save artifact into          |
|              <a name="input_dockerfile"></a>[dockerfile](#input_dockerfile)               | string |  false   | `"Dockerfile"` |         Dockerfile to use for build          |
|              <a name="input_image_name"></a>[image_name](#input_image_name)               | string |  false   | `"repo_name"`  |     Image name to use for <br>the build      |

<!-- AUTO-DOC-INPUT:END -->

## Outputs

<!-- AUTO-DOC-OUTPUT:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->

|                                    OUTPUT                                    |                    VALUE                     | DESCRIPTION |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------|-------------|
| <a name="output_image_artifact"></a>[image_artifact](#output_image_artifact) | `"${{ jobs.build.outputs.image_artifact }}"` |             |
|        <a name="output_image_tag"></a>[image_tag](#output_image_tag)         |   `"${{ jobs.build.outputs.image_tag }}"`    |             |

<!-- AUTO-DOC-OUTPUT:END -->

Commit message:

fix: set context (#61)
* fix: set context

* docs: Update workflow documentation

* fix: set context from git

* fix: set context for ci

* fix: set context for push too

* docs: Update workflow documentation

* fix: set context for push too again

---------

Co-authored-by: AlexanderBrevig <AlexanderBrevig@users.noreply.github.com>

README-build.md, after:

# `gha-docker/build`

## Usage

Add the following step to your workflow configuration:

```yml
jobs:
  docker-build:
    name: Docker Build
    uses: entur/gha-docker/.github/workflows/build.yml@main
```

## Inputs

<!-- AUTO-DOC-INPUT:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->

|                                           INPUT                                           |  TYPE  | REQUIRED |    DEFAULT     |                  DESCRIPTION                   |
|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------|----------|----------------|------------------------------------------------|
| <a name="input_build_artifact_name"></a>[build_artifact_name](#input_build_artifact_name) | string |  false   |                |  Name of GitHub artifact to <br>add to build   |
| <a name="input_build_artifact_path"></a>[build_artifact_path](#input_build_artifact_path) | string |  false   | `"build/libs"` |           Path to save artifact into           |
|                   <a name="input_context"></a>[context](#input_context)                   | string |  false   |     `"."`      | Build context, default root of <br>repository  |
|              <a name="input_dockerfile"></a>[dockerfile](#input_dockerfile)               | string |  false   | `"Dockerfile"` |          Dockerfile to use for build           |
|              <a name="input_image_name"></a>[image_name](#input_image_name)               | string |  false   | `"repo_name"`  |      Image name to use for <br>the build       |

<!-- AUTO-DOC-INPUT:END -->

## Outputs

<!-- AUTO-DOC-OUTPUT:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->

|                                    OUTPUT                                    |                    VALUE                     | DESCRIPTION |
|------------------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------|-------------|
| <a name="output_image_artifact"></a>[image_artifact](#output_image_artifact) | `"${{ jobs.build.outputs.image_artifact }}"` |             |
|        <a name="output_image_tag"></a>[image_tag](#output_image_tag)         |   `"${{ jobs.build.outputs.image_tag }}"`    |             |

<!-- AUTO-DOC-OUTPUT:END -->
